close I'm 40
what you hold
you tell me
we're just opportunist here how's it
going
please oh thanks for your turning out
really yes
she selected this efficient
well a hand thank you very much your
hand in the ice chest is that the whole
deal is your hand is it really next
writing that's Wednesday thank you thank
you thank you you're the man
okay we just met one of the guiding
plants a crazy guy we gotta stand chops
off that was in the chest we saw oh that
was his hand in the ice chest
well but you know you want to ask them
that you know I see such okay so so what
happened up to this point
tell-tell bring us bring us up to speed
as to what brought us here okay the main
star Wentworth Miller is um he plotted
it so you can get in the same prison his
brothers and his brothers on death row
and they planned the escape they just
escaped and said that was the end of a
season yeah so they're trying to they're
on the run right now are then lamb yes
so why did they saw up here McKinney no
idea why do you think he walked now why
do you think he walked into that sudo
clinic where was his hand in the chest
in his chest
okay absolutely
okay and your name again is Sarah Sarah
and he said you didn't you didn't yeah
so is this your first exposure to major
primetime video now you're not gonna use
this on the internet or anything are you
you're not gonna use this for your own
personal game this is just for you right
why would you want to do that when if
you expose them some important prime
time plot lines then let it out fathers
Umizoomi